all right you here likes half tables I
mean two people so ah we're here to talk
about the IPA fdh teeth that's just a
distributed hash table so the question
is how do you store a hash value in
distributed way in IKEA pass the hash
value is the Content ID and how to get
to it the Content ID is just a half of
whatever data you're trying to store the
answer in ipfs every peer has an ID
that's the half of its public key we
have a half that's a public key those
books have the same namespace so all you
have to do is say hey the Content ID I
want has a Content ID of 20 and look for
all the peers around that for an example
of how this going to cats right so if I
have a cat picture and this constant
idea say 20 or then at my car my quiet
notarizing is 64 then what I do is I do
hope through the network to try my the
noise that I know I've got a closer and
then they will do a few hops themself to
try and find the closest that can either
say there's a successfully found picture
in which case why are we good and if
there's not and I stored that I tell the
closest here that was found paint you
now need to store the mapping that I
have this cotton ID right so that's how
it works and then it works really well
[Applause]